https://www.ramq.gouv.qc.ca/en
Home | Régie de l’assurance maladie du Québec (RAMQ) Skip to main content Régie de l’assurance maladie Open the search bar Close the search bar Open navigation menu Close navigation menu Français Contact us - Any - Media Content Launch search Français Contact us Citizens Health Insurance Prescription drug insurance Aid programs Absence from Québec Online services Professionnels Citizens Health Insurance Prescription drug insurance Aid programs Absence from Québec Online services Professionnels Régie de l’assurance maladie du Québec Newcomers: Register for health insurance online! You are a single person, a couple or a whole family, and are settling in Québec? Find out how to register for health insurance online. Welcome home! Find out more All the news What do you want to do? Register for health insurance Register with the Public Prescription Drug Insurance Plan or deregister Renew a Health Insurance Card Find out whether a prescription drug is covered Replace or correct a Health Insurance Card Request a reimbursement for covered services Find a family doctor Issue my directives in case of incapacity Make my consent to organ and tissue donation official Did you know? Certain events may affect your health or prescription drug insurance coverage. Birth or adoption How to register your child for health insurance? Turning 18 Do you need to extend your parental prescription drug insurance? End or interruption of studies Did you notify your insurer? New employment Does your employer provide prescription drug insurance? New couple What are the effects on your prescription drug insurance? End of employment or temporary absence Do you have to find a new insurer? Separation or divorce What are the effects on your prescription drug insurance and that of your children? Moving Did you take the appropriate steps with your insurer? Moving outside Québec Do you know what to do before leaving Québec? Last-resort financial assistance When the assistance ends, what to do about your prescription drug insurance? Turning 65 Did you know that you will be registered with the Public Prescription Drug Insurance Plan? Retirement Did you check whether your insurer covers retirees? Death of a loved one Do you know how to notify your insurer? Previous Next RAMQ About RAMQ Data and statistics Press room Your rights Access to information Statement of services Complaint on the quality of services Application for review Reporting wrongdoing Statutes and regulations To contact us Find a service point Write to us 1 800 561-9749 Follow us Accessibility Language policy Security and privacy policy Québec.ca © Gouvernement du Québec, 2020 This link will open in a new window.

